Yes very much Hello evening is signaled masu Kopiban
8 today is 8 here
8 Jaspo version
Table tennis equipment
Received 8 m from 8 Jaspo
Good Well
I think that I want to turn it by saying that I'm going to enter
th
eh
Yes it looks like this
8 Mr. Jaspo ess
If you buy it, it is the best that a guardian Ito has been attached
Well fine I am writing with eco Pontsu
Lee is yes
The following have you think of is you're doing about 50 yen and Whew!
It is a color protector butterfly's side tape
8 I of red and blue
Uh umbrella and black
Well it's just a tape yes
eh
It is like this
tan
2 of this
It is sesame seeds and year-chan tsp side sheet depreciation of funny
Oh dear
It was 525 yen separately in this five pieces
Yes
It is feeling
Hmm
eh
It is a towel eh
Yes
Andron
Andro's towel
Follow
It is quite big
It becomes this display
a
I think it's okay to meet you
It is such a feeling
Well
eh
Hmm
Hm
Become dead
Well I this light and this and this this Korekore is monogastric at home
Thank you for watching now it is Andro's ー